Health monitoring rings are kind of
exploding in popularity which would
explain how ringcon who sponsored this
video managed to raise 4 million dollar
on Kickstarter for this their second
generation smart ring I've been using it
for about 2 weeks so the fact that it's
here in the box is kind of a lie but
it's no fun to do an unboxing if it's
not in the box so okay you get
the so you get the ringcon Gen 2 which
is packed full of sensors we'll talk a
little bit more about that in a minute
but perhaps most importantly for now is
that it is is thinner lighter and
narrower than their last gen by about
25% about 33% and about 12% respectively
so wearing it on the recommended finger
which is the index finger though you can
wear it on your middle or your ring
finger if you prefer is I would describe
as reasonably comfortable enough you can
see obviously it's a little bulkier than
just you know my basic wedding band here
but it never bothered me in day-to-day
use see I can close my fingers together
and have it not be pain which is kind of
my Benchmark for that what else we got
here some L documentation a USBC cable
braided nice no wall wart though and
their charging case which is actually
kind of a big deal I really like this
thing instead of having to do some fussy
alignment it's clearly indicated how it
goes on there's two little nubbin on the
inside of the Ring which correspond to
two little divots here and boom you're
charging but you won't be doing that
very often I was surprised to see that
their claims of about 10 days of battery
life on this thing actually held true I
got a nice little notification hey it's
probably time for you to charge it
popped it on the charger and the best
part the charger has another about 150
days worth of battery on board so you
only have to charge this case a couple
times a year that's that's pretty
convenient you know what else is
convenient not having a subscription I
know that's probably like a talking
point for later after we've you know
talked about what the ring actually does
but that's a pretty big deal for me I
don't know about you guys but I have
enough subscriptions in my life and I
don't need one for the you know blood
oxygen level monitor that I wear on my
finger uh oh let's talk about all the
other sensors in addition to blood
oxygen monitoring ringcon is
particularly focused on nailing down
undiagnosed cases of sleep apnea and
they say they were the first ring to do
that and they do all of this while
staying ip68 waterproof I did not pay
any special attention to this whatsoever
over the last couple of weeks and it's
alive so that's all I can really say
about that oh wait no I can say more why
don't we pull up the app and have a look
at my health it's compatible with both
IOS and Android and ringcon claims that
their sleep apnea monitoring was found
to be over 90% accurate which is pretty
cool I did not turn on the Sleep apne
monitoring but Belle who's been using it
for two 3 weeks as well says he did turn
it on do you have sleep apnea bill I
don't you don't hey congratulations
we'll look at Belle's Health First no
abnormalities detected well that's a
strong statement but he apparently
doesn't have sleep apnea probably let's
poke around in my Health Data shall we
day one October 17th hey good job 100%
activity go Linus uh is that good stress
okay all right hey look at that normal
normal stress oh okay so I'm low stress
while I sleep but before I sleep my
stress is improvable okay oh I see
there's like a little there's a little
Arch that shows your range yeah okay
that's fair it's kind of cool that I can
see the spikes for finding out about the
power outage finding out about the setup
issues and then giving my
presentation no exercise records
available time to start exercising dude
I am way too lazy and disorganized to be
like I am starting exercise now this is
the type I am doing boop boop boop like
no man they got AI or something they got
to figure that out now one area where
the ringcon seems to disagree with one
of my other smart devices is in sleep
and I have no idea which is more
accurate out of the eight sleep mattress
topper or the ringcon Gen 2 but it's
clear that there are some strong
disagreements when we look at data from
the same day they're both kind of on the
same page in terms of like when I got
into bed and when I got up but the
actual sleep stages are way off here's
an example on this day my mattress says
I had a lowquality fair night sleep
while my ring says my Sleep Quality was
good now ringcon allows you to
subjectively rate your sleep and they're
going to use that in order to give you a
better evaluation over time but it's
clear that just based on the raw data
there can be disagreements between
different smart devices about how
exactly things were going so in summary
I'd say the main pitch here is sleep and
health monitoring without a subscription
for people who don't want to wear a
watch and or don't want to micromanage
making sure that their watch is charged
and on them whenever they're sleeping
the 10-day battery life was a
GameChanger for me in terms of
compliance because a device like this is
only as useful as your willingness to be
wearing it all the time and that's
something that I think that ringcon has
done very well if you guys enjoyed this
video thank you ringcon for sponsoring
this look at the ringcon Gen 2 you guys
can check it out at the link down in the
video description and make sure that
while you're down there you get
subscribed to Short Circuit